fix link to sdk docs (#14664)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/extensions.md

Docker Extensions lets you use third-party tools within Docker Desktop to extend its functionality. There is no limit to the number of extensions you can install.

> Docker Community members and partners can use our [SDK](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/extensions-sdk/) to create new extensions. 

Reviewer: @thaJeztah wondering if it's possible to use relative links to content we fetch using the fetch upstream scripts?

Reviewer 2: I think the link here should be;

```suggestion
Docker Community members and partners can use our [SDK](extensions-sdk.md) to create new extensions. 
```

If it's also within the `desktop` directory 🤔

Author: @thaJeztah just tried that locally at it didn't like it either :( still got a broken link

Reviewer: Tried building locally with `extensions-sdk.md` but that fails as the file doesn't exist within the `desktop` directory. Here's the link to the Extensions entry `https://github.com/docker/docker.github.io/blob/master/_scripts/fetch-upstream-resources.sh#L34`

Author: It only seems to work if I use the full https one

Author: sounds good to me @usha-mandya

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the link to the "fetch resources"; so I think the file is stored in the  `/desktop/extensions-sdk/` directory, which means the file is probably the `index.md` within that directory. Can you try if this works?

```suggestion
Docker Community members and partners can use our [SDK](../extensions-sdk/index.md) to create new extensions. 
```

Reviewer 2: A, sorry, without `../` (edited my comment)

Author: @thaJeztah that worked! Thank you! Will change it now
